I've never helped run a presidential
campaign before neither have we from
Mike Nichols director of the bird gage
comes the story of a man I'm gonna do
something really outrageous i'ma tell
the truth who said yes to destiny imma
win this thing but couldn't say no apple
feta honey please popcorn anything else
governor Jack dances seduced me is not
true
oh sorry we've had some tough times in
our marriage but we work them at our
Jackie's done some pretty stupid things
in his life and he's got enemies well
this has to be hell just right just
right I'm gonna want to sign confession
I don't know what you're talking about
mister you're about to become mrs. okay
okay okay hey this just goin Universal
Pictures presents John Travolta
what's he governor of again Emma
Thompson Jack Stanton could also be a
great man if he weren't such a pompous
disorganized slime second psychotic get
me our you just threw the phone out the
window
primary colors does this guy have a
chance in hell no screenplay by Elaine
May
[Music]